Update readme.md (#3060)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/116-aspnet-core/content/104-orm/readme.md

# ORM

> Object Relational Mapping, also known as Mapping Tool, in computer science is a programming technique used to convert data between systems of incompatible types through object-oriented programming languages.
> 
> In simple terms, it is as if the ORM creates a “virtual database” and reflects this “virtual database” in a traditional database, such as SQL Server for example.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ORM stands for Object-Relational Mapping, and it is a technique that allows a developer to work with a database using objects. It is a way of abstracting the database so that the developer can think in terms of objects, rather than tables and SQL queries. This can make it easier to write and maintain code, as well as improve the performance of the application.

```
